===PROBLEM STATEMENT===

In this assignment you implement a variational auto-encoder (VAE) that learns
to write even numbers. The training data set is the same one you used in
Workshop 2. Your VAE should consist of convolutional units in its encoder.

The data file is provided in data/even_mnist.csv . This dataset is the MNIST
even numbers downsized to 14 x 14. More details about the format of this dataset
can be found in the statement of Workshop 2.

All usage documentations for your hyperparameters and input arguments are
expected to be as advised in previous assignments. As before include a thorough
README.md in your assignment repository and have all command line arguments be
well-documented and accessible through:

--------------------------------
python main.py --help
--------------------------------

You may also choose to use json parameter files. Should you do so, a sample json
file and documentation on its usage should be clearly explained in README.md of
your repository.

==OUTPUT FILES==

Your code should save a number of output files in a directory received in
command line. For example, when running

--------------------------------
python main.py -o result_dir -n 100
--------------------------------

the code should generate the folder result_dir if it does not already exist and
save all result files in this folder. The result files are all pdf figures as
follows:

1) loss.pdf

This figure shows the progress of your VAE in training mode. We expect the loss
to be decreasing and converging in this figure and avoid over-fitting for
reasonable numbers of iterations in training.

2) 1.pdf, 2.pdf, ..., 100.pdf

After training, your code should create a hundred digit sample images and store
them in files of the format i.pdf where n runs from 1 to the input of flag -n.
In this example n= 100.

Remark. Include a verbose mode for your program, in which iterative reports on
loss value in provided through the training epochs.

Note: The last commit to the master branch of your repository before the
deadline is used to assess your work. (Github’s timestamp is a strict deadline
for acceptance of your work). You should also have a documented history of
development in your branch history.